Bye-bye, Princess.
Go act tough on your
way to the afterlife!
It's Dai!
Get away from Leona!
Come and make me!
If you even touch her...
You're gonna regret it!
Get him, Dai!
Little brat!
Popp: He just jumped off
and charged in alone!
Once we land, I'm going
to be right behind him.
You should stay here.
Someone should keep watch.
Huh?
And you two, have the
Balloon Ship ready to launch!
Guards: Aye!
I'll regret it, huh?
Rotten little kid.
Just try to hurt me-
I dare you!
Nice try...
Flazzard [thought]:
He's fast. Could it be?
I'm going to
avenge Hyunckel, too!
You're gonna be sorry!
You snotty child.
Ha - you wish!
Kacrackle!
Dai, no!
Flazzard: [menacing laugh]
Freeze! Freeze!
[cackling]
What kind of blade is that?!
Magic!
Flazzard: What?!
Oh, wow!
Take this! Fire Earth Slash!
[pained roar]
Damn it!
Flazzard [thought]:
So, I was right.
No wonder he beat
Crocodine and Hyunckel!
In his battles with the
other Legion Commanders,
this little brat's combat
skills have leveled up
an unbelievable amount!
This might be
the time for it...
Time for my trump card!
Leona [thought]:
Oh, wow! Amazing, Dai!
You've learned to
properly use magic.
What a relief.
Popp: Dai!
Hey, guys. We need
to help everyone!
And quickly!
Maam: Hang in there!
Apollo!
A-Amy, go help your sister!
Huh?!
Amy: Marin!
[amused chuckle]
Popp: That bastard
did all this?!
But, it looks like we've got
the upper hand, don't we?
Don't let your guard down!
[menacing chuckle]
Oh, I get it.
You're a much bigger fish
than that little princess,
aren't you kid?
Huh?
H-His arm! It - grew back?!
Sure did. But yours won't.
[growling]
Everybody, get down!
Blizzblaze
Shrapnel Detonation!
[laughing]
Dai: Leona!
I'm hit - man down!
Idiot! You're not
the only one who got hit!
Stop crying and help everyone!
Dai: It'll take more
than that to beat us!
How brave. But you've
already lost the battle.
Oh, yeah?
You see, that little move
wasn't just an attack-
it was a signal to all of my
servants waiting down below...
To begin an infernal battle.
Baduck: Yikes!
What was that blast?!
Hey! Sounds like you
need help down there!
Baduck: An earthquake?
What's that?
[delighted chuckle]
Baduck: Wh...What
in the world?
What now? What's
happening out there?!
[devious laughter]
The Dark Flame
Spire is complete!
The Dark Ice Spire
is complete, too!
Flazzard: [cackling]
Showtime!
Let's get on with the
entertainment, shall we, now?!
Is it... over?
[chuckling]
Hey- what did you
just do? What was that?!
This is the
Blizzblaze Curse Field.
What's the...
Blizzblaze Curse Field?
Flazzard:
It's the ultimate tactic
that's made my Blizzblaze
Legion unbeatable!
You're all out of options now!
All you can do is
scramble around...
until all of you
are slaughtered!
No way, buddy.
You're not gonna
finish us off-
especially with a puny
little earthquake like that!
Then show me your worst.
Popp: Fine! Cry and beg all
you like, but you're done for!
Sizz!
Popp: Huh?
What's this?
What's going on?!
Popp: My spell...
I can't cast Sizz!
Dai: Frizz!
Oh, no.
I think he's
nullified our magic?
I guess it's time I
explain the rules, huh?
What?!
[chuckling]
Dai [thought]: It's like...
It's like my strength is gone!
C'mere!
[pained cry]
No, Dai!
What's going on here?!
The power of his attack...
it's even stronger than before!
Flazzard: Oh, that's not it.
I haven't gotten stronger.
So... what could it be, then?
Maybe you've all
gotten weaker!
Flazzard: [delighted cackle]
What? But... how?
Flazzard: That
Dark Flame Spire...
and that Dark Ice Spire...
influence the core
inside my body,
and they're covering
this entire island
with a field that
increases my magic power!
Flazzard: Within this field,
everyone but yours truly is
weakened and can't use magic.
So, as long as
he's on the island,
this kid is weaker
than a mere human.
Stop it!
Flazzard: Looks like
you finally understand!
But... that-
that's cheating, Flazzard!
You can't even fight fair
and square, you coward!
Spare me the lecture.
And besides, it's not
the fighting I like.
[amused chuckle]
What I like...
is the winning!
Victory, here I come!
Maam [thought]:
It's no good!
Even my Magic Bullet
Gun doesn't work.
Lady Amy; is your sister
going to be alright?
She's still alive, but...
my Heal spells don't work!
At this rate, Marin, Apollo
and the others won't make it.
[pained grunts]
Dai...
We have to run!
Why?! What are
you talking about?
If we stay on this
island any longer...
we're going to lose.
We need to come
up with a plan.
It's our only
option right now!
No way! I am not going
to lose... not to him!
If we survive,
we haven't lost!
But he... he'll wipe
us out if we stay here!
I'll give you a choice.
Now here are your options...
Frozen...
Or burned to a crisp?
No!
No, Maam! We can't run away!
Flazzard: What?!
Dai, stop being stubborn!
I'm not running.
You bet you aren't!
Leona!
I just put up the field here.
It wouldn't do,
running away so soon.
No! Stop it!
Let's make it... so you don't
even think about running away!
[chuckle]
[menacing laughter]
Princess!
[delighted laughter]
Leona!
Flazzard: There.
You like that?
The Princess
of Papnica on ice.
But don't you worry.
She's still quite
alive in there!
[chuckling]
Flazzard: I used Legendary
Forbidden Magic to freeze her.
That means no blow
can shatter the ice
and no spell can melt it.
Flazzard: So what
are you supposed to do?
You have to beat me.
Kill me, and the ice
will melt for sure.
Now then, do you
still want to run?
You can't abandon your
princess and flee like a rat...
Can you, champ?
Flazzard: It's hard
being a Hero, huh?!
[cackling]
Dai!
[pleased chuckle]
There you go!
Flazzard: Just like that!
Flazzard: Come
and meet your fate.
Popp!
Y... Yeah?
Help Lady Amy and get
everyone to the Balloon Ship!
We're running?
But Maam - we can't
leave the Princess!
Look around us! We can't win
-just trust me!
We have to get out and wait
for the right opportunity!
We need that help now, Baduck!
R-Right!
Amy: Sister, hang in there!
Dai: Come on!
How's that?
Flazzard: Quite impressive.
You've still got that
much strength in you.
In this field of mine,
the strength of my enemies
becomes one fifth
of what it usually is.
And I've gotta admit, if that
attack were five times stronger?
Talk about scary.
[chuckle]
However...
In here, I'm afraid
a fatal wound
will be impossible for you!
Dai, we have to escape!
No - I'm not leaving!
You saw yourself what
he did to the Princess!
So long as you can fight,
he's not going to hurt Leona.
We need to get away-
we need a plan!
No! I...
I'm... I'm...
I'm fighting to the end!
That's right.
Come now, big Hero.
[chuckling]
What do you think
you're doing?!
Sorry, Dai!
Maam, hurry!
Flazzard: Oh,
I don't think so.
How about...
Kafrizz!
...this!
Go! Now!
Right!
Why, that little-
Popp: What was that
explosion back there?
Maam: A bullet from
my Magic Bullet Gun.
I threw one with
a Sizz spell in it.
When Flazzard tried to attack,
his Kafrizz set it off.
Wow. That was some
quick thinking, Maam.
M'lady, where shall
we set course to?
Let's head north.
Guard: North it is.
Amy: There's a rocky coast where
we should be able to hide.
Flazzard: Dancing Flame Army
of the Dark Flame Spire!
Knock them out of the sky...
Don't let them escape!
[amused chuckle]
Now you just wait right
there, little Princess.
Flazzard: He ain't the sort
of Hero to abandon you, is he?
Popp: Normally,
I feel like running
the moment things
get dangerous.
But for some reason,
I didn't this time.
I just wish I could have done
something to save the Princess.
I'm sorry.
But...
I know, Maam.
Still...
If you hadn't done
what you did, Maam,
by now I'd say
we'd all be history.
Yeah.
Everyone, they're coming!
[snarling]
Oh, man.
Get us out of here, old man!
R-Right!
Kacrack!
Okay, we're finally
out of the field-
we can use magic again!
[snarling]
Popp: Crackle!
Popp: It doesn't matter-
there's too many!
Guard: We're going to
crash into the whirlpool!
Yes - I can see that!
Guard: Our altitude
keeps dropping!
It's all over!
What?!
Maam: Don't give up!
[worried cries]
Amy: Get us closer to shore!
Guard: Drop the weights!
Popp: Over there!
Whatever that light was,
it came from that cave.
Let's go take a look.
[relieved sigh]
We're here.
Matoriv: Who's there?
The fools from the balloon?
Uh, yes?
Matoriv: If you're
all okay, get out.
But... Huh?
Get lost.
Please, sir! We're in
trouble. You have to help us!
Matoriv: I don't want
anything to do with anyone.
You... I know you!
Matoriv: Hm?
Uncle Matoriv, it's you!
Narrator: After evading
Flazzard's forces,
Dai and his friends
go into hiding
with an old Mage
named Matoriv.
And with his help,
the group devise a plan
to break the Forbidden Magic's
enchantment and rescue Leona.
But little do they know that
Hadlar and his Legion Commanders
are plotting a
scheme of their own.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Grand Sorcerer Matoriv".